Oh
hi guys welcome to the dachshund
entertainment channel private limited
and today we are here with the new
friend eh set made by carbon the carbon
as two titanium s2 would you would like
to call it and first I'm gonna give you
the detailed review about this product
first see the side of the phone there is
a power button here it on the left side
it has a volume rocker on the right side
USB and the 3.5 mm jack and there's the
trainee flip cover that you get complete
absolutely free with the 28 set so I
waters first start with the build
quality from the back cover you can get
an idea of the bears quality actually
the build quality of this phone is
simply amazing i will tell you the build
quality is just great you know this is
not my personal phone but i am telling
you that it's similar to my personal
phone i have my personal phone s4 galaxy
s4 so it's similar to that phone so you
can get an idea of how this phone is
this is simply mind-blowing phone in
feature so I'll quickly show you the
settings menu of this phone as you can
see here is the settings menu of this
phone there is a about phone option
where I am going and you can see the
Android version is four point two point
one and three point four point five line
X version or kernel version which you
say is just simply amazing from the
point of view of the price of the phone
this phone is available at the rate of
11,500 and Indian market but you can
easily get it at the rate of 10k so the
back point or you can say that
disappointment is that there is no for
time this phone so this phone is not for
Thai enables talking about the Wi-Fi it
has also got the Wi-Fi direct option you
can see Wi-Fi direct option as you can
see I think it may not be clear but you
can get an idea that the Wi-Fi direct
function is also there so available in
this phone so that carbon has not done
much money much more much more changes
to this phone but I think this is a
great phone this there is an auto lock
function see if I lock the phone
whenever I switch the flip cover the
screen gets automatically logged so
unlocked so your power button will not
get exhausted much quickly so let let me
show you the quick video of my channel
raksin entertainment channel so you can
get an idea of the clarity of this video
it can play the 720p video so as you can
see see lava gives you the same features
in the range of 8k but the better
quality is not very nice and the feeling
is not very nice see you can view my
channels video that you can text so as
you can see the sound clarity actually
the volume was not was full and when you
connect the audio enhance when you get a
much more greater volume than this so
this is just a mind-blowing phone in the
terms of sound now I am going to show
you some features about the yes of
course about the
processor and ram see you can compare
this phone with the samsung galaxy s4
but the only feature thats less in this
phone is that in this phone there is no
fota and in this phone the ram is
somewhere round 512 mb ram which is not
great but as if for the quad core
processor it's really nice round
actually what core processor takes the
least ram till date so you can see the
app to SD feature is also there the
pre-installed are talking about the
pre-installed apps facebook twitter
gmail google+ and you also get the wats
app temple into skype and all these apps
are free for you you also get the
kingsoft office as you can see this
power widget about the viewing angles of
this device there is no complaint and
this is the lowest brightness I have put
now you can see the greater brightness
there is no complaint as far as the
viewing angles of this phone this phone
has got great great viewing angles I am
Telling You and the screen the screen
graphics doesn't look as if it's of 480
pixels it has got the similar graphics
to the micromax canvas HD so you can
compare this phone with a high-end phone
and there I must tell you that this is a
high-end phone better than the canvas HD
I am Telling better than the canvas HD
because it's available at the range of
ten came on the hand it's as the same
specification as a canvas HD has expired
cept the 512 mb ram so that's negligible
for a quad core processor this is a
phone has got great features in the
terms of the keyboard if i show you the
keyboard
like I show you the keyboard this is
this phone has got a great keyboard the
displays very sharp the processor is
really good the launcher of this phone
is good user interface is good and if I
shall show you the dialer you can one
thing is there in this phone that you
can also change the theme of this phone
yeah you can also see our unboxing video
of this phone of our channel for more
information and for this this was all
for this full detailed review of karbonn
titanium s2 and bye bye